"Wherever they come from, whatever their origin, whatever they voted for in the first round, I invite them all to join us and to abandon ancient quarrels and to concentrate on what is essential for our country," she said.

    Is Marine Le Pen far-right?
    A night at a French Front National election party

Who is likely to win?

Correspondents say the next head of state is almost certain to be Mr Macron, as most other parties are now backing him.

    World reacts to French election
    Markets sense relief after French vote

But Mr Macron may struggle to get enough of his candidates elected to parliament - where more established parties, such as the Republicans and the Socialists, currently have the most seats.

Without a majority, Mr Macron would have to negotiate to have his policies approved through the assembly - which could be challenging.
What do the other candidates say?

Benoît Hamon, the candidate of President Hollande's Socialist Party who failed to make an impact in the first round, urged those who voted for him to support Mr Macron in the next stage. Mr Fillon has done the same.

However, Mr Mélenchon has not endorsed either candidate yet.

Some voters are unhappy with both candidates - hundreds took part in "anti-fascist, anti-capitalist" protests on Sunday night, opposing both Ms Le Pen and Mr Macron.

Some demonstrators set cars on fire and broke shop windows - police said 143 people were arrested.
What do the results mean for the EU?

Analysts and world leaders have been watching the election closely - after the Brexit vote in the UK and election of US President Donald Trump challenged liberal values and the political establishment.

Many European leaders are now congratulating Mr Macron on the first round results - as they are keen to strengthen the union after Brexit.

Mr Macron addressed the nation in front of an EU flag as the results came in - something noticed by both pro and anti-EU politicians.

What does French result mean for Brexit?

German Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman, Steffan Seibert, tweeted: "It's good that Emmanuel Macron was successful with his course for a strong EU and social market economy. All the best for the next two weeks."

European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker also congratulated him, as did EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini.

"The result is the hope and future of our generation," she tweeted.

Anti-EU politicians, on the other hand, have congratulated Ms Le Pen for making the second round.

Dutch MP Geert Wilders, who leads the anti-immigration Freedom Party, said the results were a "bright day for patriots in France and elsewhere who want more national sovereignty and less EU and immigration".

Are you a French citizen? What is your reaction to the result of the first round? You can share your comments by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

